(narrator)
They've been out
there for centuries.
Lurking in the shadows.
Rotting in our
stories and myths.
And buried
in our nightmares.
For the time will
come when monsters
will shape the
fortunes of all.
Tonight!
The most highly
anticipated extreme
sporting event ever.
[echoing voice]
Ever, ever, ever.
Eight deadly monsters
summoned to the ring
from all corners
of the Earth,
fighting to the death
to determine the most
powerful ghoul of all time.
[echoing]
Ghoul of all time.
Fighting and monster
fans from across
the world,
board up your windows
and put your kids to bed,
for it's the ultimate
fight of the living dead.
[echoing]
The living dead.
This is Monster Brawl.
(man)
Good evening monster
fans in Canada,
Newfoundland and
the United States
of America.
We're coming to you
live from the abandoned
and overgrown
Hillside Necropolis
in central Michigan,
and folks, we're about
to witness an unspeakable
war of attrition
here at the first
ever Monster Brawl
main event.
I'm Buzz Chambers,
here with legendary former
champ, Sasquatch Sid Tucker.
And tonight,
we present
a shocking
and God-awful
fighting tournament
featuring a roster
of the world's most
notorious ghouls,
in what can
only be described
as a showdown
for the ages.
That's right, Buzz.
This will be
a blood-curdling
battle to the death
for our eight gruesome
and ghastly combatants.
Now, the tournament
consists of two
conferences.
The Undead and
the Creatures.
Each conference
contains four
monsters.
There are middleweight
contenders and the
heavyweights.
Let's take a quick
look at our fighters.
(narrator)
The Unread Conference.
The Mummy.
Lady Vampire.
Zombie Man.
Frankenstein.
The Creatures Conference.
Cyclops.
Witch Bitch.
Swamp Gut.
Werewolf.
Now, our opening fights
feature the middleweight
battles from each conference.
And the division
titles are up
for grabs.
First up from the Creatures,
is Cyclops vs. Witch Bitch.
Then for the Undead
it's Mummy
vs. Lady Vampire.
The next round
of fights is our
heavyweight contests.
For the Creatures
it's Swamp Gut pitted
against Werewolf.
And for the Undead,
it's Frankenstein
vs. Zombie Man.
The final fight
of the night will
have the contenders
from each heavyweight
bout facing each other
in a bitter
and grisly
end showdown.
But first,
we welcome special
Monster Brawl dignitary,
the perpetually
hyper "Mouth from
the South", Jimmy Hart.
Come on baby,
step on it!
Step on it!
I'm going to be late
for the Monster Brawl!
Look, I promise you
III pay for the
speeding ticket.
I promise! I promise!
Look, pal, I'm begging
you, step on it. Please.
I'm going to turn
into a pumpkin if
you don't hurry.
II right.
Come on, baby.
I think I'm gonna make it.
Jimmy, glad you could
make it here tonight.
How are you feeling?
Guys, this is awesome!
I'm having a blast here.
The monsters are
getting ready for
the fights.
I just saw a graveyard
worker get their arms
ripped off by a zombie.
We're in for a blistering,
bickering battle royal,
a devastating,
disgusting donnybrook,
and a freakish,
forlorn fracas.
Hey Jimmy, give us
some background info
on this event.
How the hell did
Monster Brawl come
to life, huh?
This event started out
as just a crazy
old dream
from an unemployed,
smalltime wresting
promoter named Jake Blackburn.
He first devised this
idea over five years ago
from his parent's basement.
I had a chance to catch up
with Blackburn earlier
in the week,
and he had
this to say.
Blackburn, I got
a few questions for
you, if you don't mind.
Why don't you tell us
about yourself?
I've always been
a geek when it comes to
wresting and monsters.
I used to make
Kung Fu tournaments.
I'd have all
my friends over, and
we'd beat each other up,
and then we'd run inside and
watch monster movies and scare
the crap out of each other.
Well, let me ask you this.
What in the world compelled
you to go down this path?
I mean, why monsters?
Why-why wresting?
Well, these things
are like my drugs, man.
I mean, when everyone
else was out partying
on Friday nights,
I'm sitting
at home watching
Japanese death matches
and doodling
monsters fighting.
As a local promoter,
I know it was tough.
You had a lot of struggles.
Can you tell us
about it?
It was tough.
We're going around with
wrestlers no one has heard of.
lt kind of fizzled out.
But, uh, I went back
to the drawing board,
that's when I started
thinking about the
big ideas.
What about Las Vegas?
Bright lights, big city,
sold-out crowds?
It all came down to
affordability and keeping
the monsters comfortable.
They don't wanna be in front of
big crowds with lots of lights
going off and stuff like that.
There's a safety issue.
You don't want them ripping
arms off of people.
That's when we came up
with the idea to have it
in a secret graveyard.
We can show it to
the whole world.
It's perfect.
How in the hell did you
recruit these monsters?
Frankenstein?
Zombie?
We're sending invites
all over the place.
Some monsters
just caught wind
of what was going on.
Some just showed
up out of nowhere,
like they were summoned
here from the dark forces
we got in play.
It's gonna be an amazing
battle, Jimmy, and to me it
doesn't matter who wins.
It's all about the
journey getting here,
and it's been great.
Well, there you
have it folks.
The brains
behind the brawl.
May I give you
some advice?
If you make
some money, get you
a new suit, okay?
All right.
Hey, good luck.
All right,
thanks, Jimmy.
We're back graveside,
with Cyril Haggard,
the resident grave keeper
here at Hillside Necropolis.
Cy, you know this
turf better than anyone.
Why was this
particular cemetery
chosen as tonight's venue?
[owl hoots]
I told you to mind
your own business.
I warned you not to go
messing with this place.
Gotcha. We know
that the arena terrain
is mostly dead mulch
and thick forest,
but are there any
environmental factors
that might come
into play during
the fights tonight?
The soil is
cursed, boy!
You've gone
and stirred up
a heap of trouble.
Something evil
has been unearthed,
and I can feel it
in my bones.
Evil. Evil!
Evil.
Sounds good, Cy.
Thanks for dropping by
and we hope you enjoy
the fights.
You bastards
are gonna pay
for what you've done.
You're gonna pay.
You're all doomed.
Again, thanks for dropping
by, Cy, with that wonderful
bit of foreboding.
I warned you this
place was cursed!
And now,
before we preview
our opening match,
Let's go live backstage
where legendary mixed
martial arts referee
and official
Monster Brawl
officiator,
Herb Dean
is standing by
to give us some details
on the rules
and regulations for our
upcoming fights. Herb?
Hey guys,
pleasure
to be here.
Herb, what are your
thoughts on this event?
It's unbelievable.
There's an eerie vibe
back here in the crypts
where the monsters
are getting prepared.
This night's gonna go
down in fighting history.
What do you think about living
in a world where monsters must
fight to the death?
I think it's great.
I hate monsters more
than anything.
And the way I see it, there's
gonna be a few less monsters
in the world after tonight
'cause some of them ain't
leaving this cemetery.
What kind of rules
have been established
for this tournament?
None.
What, no rules
whatsoever?
No, man.
No rules, no time
limits, no stoppages.
The match will continue
until one of them loses
their life.
I'm here to cut down
on the shots to the groin,
manager interventions,
that sort of thing.
Other than that,
standard death-match.
That's wonderful.
We'll see you shortly
inside the ring.
And we'll take
our first break
here at the graveyard
and be right back
with the opening
fight of the evening.
(narrator)
lonian Islands, Greece.
[neck bones crack]
[hollow growling]
[knocking]
Enter.
An urgent message
for you, Sir.
Who sent you?
A shadow
from the West.
There's a storm brewing.
Monsters the world
over have been summoned.
So, the hour
is upon us.
My training will
begin at dawn.
Almost 3000 years ago,
I made a terrible mistake.
I made a fateful deal
with the evil god Hades.
In return for one
of my eyes, he grant
me power to see future.
I can foretell
the deaths of others.
I went into hiding,
ashamed and without
honor.
[grunting]
Now, a force
beckons me
that is more
powerful  than anything.
[grunts]
If you can see
the future,
you must already
know the outcome
of the battle.
Honor is like an island.
Rugged and without shores.
Once you leave,
you can never return.
[shouts]
(narrator)
Buzzard's Bay,
Massachusetts.
Witch!
You ought to be
burned to the ground.
You're the worst
witch ever .
Witch!
You're a witch.
Bitch.
[shouting]
[crying]
[knocking on door]
Go away!
What do you want?
I'm known
around these
parts as the Grub.
The Grub?
That's right.
Professional monster
bodyguard and manager.
Who sent you here?
Listen.
I caught whispers of
a secret tournament
for people
like yourself.
Piss off, troll!
Wait a minute!
They are holding a monster
fighting event next month,
and I need
a fighter.
We'll make you
the most powerful menace
the world has ever seen.
No more witch hunts.
The townsfolk will
bow to you.
Well, don't
just stand there.
Come inside.
Now, tell me again how
I'm supposed to stand up
to the rest of these monsters?
I've trained the most
disagreeable monsters
in the entire universe.
But you, you could go
all the way to the top!
Picture this.
Diabolical outcast
from small village
wins Monster Brawl.
[people cheering]
You will have
your vengeance.
Everyone who spit
on you, heckled you,
beat and raped you.
But I can't fight!
Nonsense!
Forget all the
necromancy crap.
The conjury.
The dark magic.
[all cheering]
You have
to become
a warrior!
Now, if we only had
the proper name for you,
that would instill
terror into the heart
of your opponent.
[people chanting]
Witch Bitch.
Creatures Conference
Middleweight Title Match.
Cyclops vs. Witch Bitch.
We're back, ladies
and gentlemen, with our
opening bout of the evening.
Now we're ready to get
this brawl underway Buzz,
and what a
first match-up.
We have the one-eyed
ancient warrior Cyclops
going head-to-head
against the uncomely,
Witch Bitch.
Let's go to our
fight preview.
(narrator)
Cyclops.
Normally Cyclops
would not fight women.
But this Witch
is a bitch.
And I will
crush her!
And Hades is next!
The Cyclops is a
mythical creature.
He comes from a long line
of one-eyed blacksmiths,
and he's fought nearly
everything that's ever
walked or crawled.
He's trained
in fighting systems
varying from
Roman Empire
gladiator tactics
to Greco-Spartan
field combat.
In fact, he has the ability
to eradicate entire villages
with his special laser
beam eye maneuver.
(narrator)
Witch Bitch.
Listen up, Cyclops!
You Grub-wannabe bastard!
We've got some tricks
in store for you.
A whole bag of them,
so keep your eye open.
Witch Bitch
is a grizzled
and vile occultist,
capable of conjuring
dark spirits and fatal
spell attacks.
And was once part
of a Witch/Warlock
tag team
until her partner was
burned at the stake.
She's also been taken
under the wing of
monster bodyguard
and acne-smitten
troll, the Grub,
who has trained and
conditioned Witch Bitch
in the weeks
leading up to
tonight's event.
And now, we turn it
over to Jimmy Hart
to summon
the creatures
from the crypts.
Ladies and gentlemen,
coming to you live
from the Hillside
Necropolis in Emmett,
County Michigan,
the Monster Brawl
Creatures Conference
Middleweight Showdown.
Introducing first,
fighting out of
the stone crypt,
a mythical one-eyed
brute from lonia, Greece.
Weighing in at 280 pounds,
the legendary, the ageless
Cyclops!
[growls]
And his opponent,
fighting out of
the wood crypt,
weighing in
at  134 pounds.
From Buzzard's Bay,
Massachusetts,
the bane
of New England,
the infernal,
the unhallowed,
the villainous
sorceress Witch Bitch.
And let's take
a quick peak at our
Tale of the Tape, Buzz,
and see how these
fighters match up.
The Cyclops has
a formidable record
and easily tops
Witch Bitch in
strength and size.
Herb Dean is making
his way out to the ring
area through the archway,
and what a
class-act individual
and stellar representative
of monster fighting.
And the anticipation
mounting inside
the graveyard
is about to explode.
And this is the biggest
event in the history
of physical combat,
and I just hope my voice
holds up for this, Buzz!
All right guys,
center up.
And if I'm
Herb Dean, Buzz,
I'd get the hell out
of that ring in a hurry.
We've gone over
the rules. Protect
yourself at all times.
Follow my instructions.
We're gonna have a
clean fight.
Touch gloves, Let's
make it official.
It's the one and only time
these athletes will ever
face each other,
and it's winner
takes all.
The loser must
leave this world.
You ready to fight?
You ready?
Let's do it.
And we're underway
here at Monster Brawl
as Cyclops and Witch Bitch
engage in a brutal
bloodbath
for the Creatures Conference
middleweight title.
Cyclops misses
with a quick lunge
as Witch Bitch
gingerly slingshots
him into the ropes
and answers
with a clothesline.
Look out!
Witch Bitch with a
dirty kick to the dick
sends the ancient ogre
reeling to the canvas mat.
And Herb Dean
has a word with
the Witch
regarding that
ball-busting maneuver.
That was a groin shot.
You need to keep it clean.
We're not gonna have that.
All right,
you ready?
Fight!
Cyclops pulls out
a sledgehammer and
blindsides Witch Bitch
with a big backhand
hit to the face.
(narrator)
Incredible.
And she's in serious
trouble now, Sid.
And Herb Dean clearly
appalled by the action
happening in the ring.
The Grub is
in disbelief, and now
he's entering the ring
to mount an intervention
on behalf of his mangled
protege.
The Grub
broadsides Cyclops
with a folding chair,
and this fight is
descending into
a circus, Sid.
And Herb Dean appears
ready to disqualify
Witch Bitch
as he lectures the Grub
at the side of the ring.
And Witch Bitch pushes
aside her manager
and slices Herb Dean's
neck with a rusty cleaver!
Oh, good Lord!
Folks, Herb Dean has
been seriously injured
as he flops out
of the ring!
Unbelievable!
Monster Brawl ref
Herb Dean is dead
at the age of 40!
And we're going
to have to proceed
throughout the rest
of the night with no
officiator, Sid.
Look, no more
grieving, Buzz.
We're missing
the action in
the ring.
And the Cyclops
with a heavy blow to
the head of Witch Bitch,
sending her
into the turnbuckle
where he lets loose
a couple of heavy punches.
And Witch Bitch with a sneaky
dodge as she batters Cyclops
with a shoulder to the chest.
Cyclops grabs
Witch Bitch by
the neck.
[grunts]
(narrator)
Fantastic.
And a sensational
reversal by Witch Bitch.
And Buzz, the Grub
hands her a bottle of
moonshine or something
and she's happily
indulging in it.
She's bitching up
for something big, Sid.
And the Witch
humiliating the Cyclops
as she spews that
Bitch's brew all
over him.
Look out!
She's going in
for an eye-gouge.
Cyclops in serious
danger now
as Witch Bitch
pries at his
exposed eyeball.
It's all fun
and games until
someone loses their eye.
And the Cyclops
is going nuts!
He's amassing an energy
force around his eyeball.
Cyclops possesses powers
older than time itself,
and he was hesitant
to use this weapon,
but enough is enough.
It's time for this
bitch to pay!
[yelling]
And Cyclops unloads
a devastating laser
beam attack,
scorching the face
of Witch Bitch !
That was a
face-melting finish.
Wow!
(narrator)
Cyclops wins.
Mythical laser blast.
Ding dong,
the Witch is dead.
She'll find a final
resting place here
at Hillside Necropolis.
Cyclops parades
around the ring,
basking in the victory.
Cyclops wins!
[grunting]
And now the Grub enters
the ring to steal some
thunder from Cyclops.
He wants a piece
of the one-eyed monster.
Oh, my God!
The Grub gets his
head knocked right off
as Cyclops unloads
a heavy blow that
literally decapitates
the veteran
monster manager.
[grunts]
Hades!
You're next!
I Love this! I Love it!
I Love it! I Love it!
Look at this. Cyclops
just scorched Witch Bitch
with a laser beam!
And look
at Herb Dean.
He's dead!
I hate referees anyhow.
They are no use
for anything.
Trust me on that, girls.
And the winner of the
match is Cyclops!
A convincing win
for the Cyclops,
as he takes the crown for
the Creature Conference
middleweight title.
That's right, Buzz.
The dead are gone, and
the Brawl must go on.
We'll be right back
to preview our
next fight,
this time from the
Undead Conference.
(narrator)
Metropolitan Museum,
New York City.
[humming]
[choking]
Good evening,
ladies  and gentlemen,
this is Chris Chilton
with a special
B Channel News alert for
the Greater New York area.
Authorities have confirmed
that a reanimated mummy
has escaped
from the Metropolitan
Museum after killing
a forklift operator.
Experts believe
the mummy might be the
fabled  4000-year-old remains
of King Khafra, a brutal
and vicious Pharaoh.
The entire Tri-state area
is now under an orange
terror alert
as the undead monster
roams the streets aimlessly.
Our cameras caught up
with the Sheriff in front
of the museum earlier today.
It's our belief that
he's headed somewhere.
Something evil
has compelled him
from the grave.
I encourage all citizens
to remain on high alert.
And if you see that
mummy, you all give me
a call now, you hear?
(narrator)
Felldorf, Transylvania.
(Dunn)
This is special
agent Laurence Dunn,
voice memorandum 19F81 .
Operation Holy Water.
I have succeeded at traversing
the Carpathian Mountains over
the last nine days,
and I have arrived
at a mysterious and
seemingly abandoned estate
not far from the
village of Felldorf.
The local peasants
implored me not to
go any further,
saying that the land
is unhallowed.
And there have been
several recent killings
by a murderer in the night.
The villagers said
things that have happened
here must not be known.
After I heard enough
of their Gypsy crap,
I followed the trail hard
to have a look for myself.
That trail ends here.
[grandfather clock ticking]
[clock striking the hour]
Madam, I'm agent
Laurence Dunn.
I need to ask you
a few questions.
Excuse me,
is that blood
you're drinking?
This estate
originally belonged
to Vlad the Impaler.
Is that correct?
How long have
you lived here?
Forever.
I'm the last
of my kind.
Doomed to immortality.
The villagers have
accused you of murder.
I have
to take you in.
[gunshot]
[Dunn shouts]
[shouts]
(narrator)
Undead Conference
Middleweight Title Match.
Lady Vampire
vs. the Mummy.
Welcome back to
the program, folks.
I'm Buzz Chambers,
here with living
legend Sasquatch Sid,
and we're set
for the next fight
of the evening,
this one featuring
two undead icons.
(narrator)
Lady Vampire.
I dream of
a glorious death,
but no monster
is a match
for the eternal one.
The Mummy
will be destroyed.
[hissing]
Lady Vampire has
a lifetime record
that has spanned over
six centuries, dating
back to the year 1 381 .
She's virtually immortal.
And an expert with
XIV century fisticuffs.
She's a cold-blooded
professional killer,
and I hope the Mummy
is carrying some garlic
or holy water, Buzz,
'cause this is
a bit of a mismatch.
Lady Vampire
is a big favorite
going into this brawl.
(narrator)
The Mummy.
[grunting]
Although feeble
and frail,
the Mummy presents an
interesting challenge
to Lady Vampire.
As an Egyptian Pharaoh,
he must have undergone
some form of military
training in his past life.
Regardless, we expect
to see a lifeless,
shuffling wraith
in action tonight.
His bandages
might be battered
and bedraggled,
and his skeletal
interior very vulnerable,
but mark
my words, people.
We're dealing with a former
tyrant of ancient Egypt,
and he's gotta have
a couple of tricks
up his sleeve.
It's time for the Undead
Conference Middleweight
Division title match.
Introducing first,
weighing in at 127 pounds,
from the far outreaches
of the Carpathian Mountains
in Transylvania,
the eternal
champion of blood lust,
Lady Vampire!
And her opponent,
from the Valley
of the Kings,
the Hexecutioner,
the rotten wraith
of the ring,
the cursed,
snake-bitten,
King Khafra,
the Mummy!
I gotta say, I'm pulling
for the Vampire in this
fight, Sid.
I'll be damned before
I cheer for a mummy.
I've hated mummies
my whole life.
And taking a look
at these numbers, Buzz,
the fighters line up
very closely with
one another,
both being ancient
undead icons with very
similar vital stats.
Strap yourself in,
Sasquatch Sid.
We're set for this
unspeakable undead
ultimatum.
For the winner,
the middleweight
Conference Championship.
For the vanquished,
a bitter harvest.
And we're in
for some extreme
undead action here, Buzz.
Two ancient adversaries
meeting in bloody battle
for the first and only time.
And the combatants lock up
in the center of the ring.
She goes to town on
his battered torso,
delivering a torrent
of kicks to the frail
frame of the Mummy.
And the Mummy with a
retaliatory headbutt.
And the Mummy starting
to show signs of life.
That was an aggressive
body-slam by the mangled
monarch.
And he throws in a
big kick to the gut of
Lady Vampire for good measure.
Lady Vampire
delivers a right elbow,
followed by a big
left hook, and then
another big right!
( narrator)
Glorious combo.
The Mummy is up to
something here, Buzz.
He's fumbling around
with his bandages.
And he throws
a fistful of dust
into the eyes
of the Nosferatu.
Watch out!
The Mummy locks
Lady Vampire
into a merciless
sleeper hold submission.
How anyone could withstand
that degree of asphyxiation
is beyond me.
It's lights out
for Lady Vampire.
She's drifted
into the darkness.
And the Mummy
in prime position
to win this contest.
The Mummy now
exits the ring area,
and is shuffling over
towards the wood crypt.
That filthy Mummy
is up to no good, Sid.
Keep in mind, Buzz,
it is very difficult
to kill something
that's already dead.
This is a risky
delay by the Mummy.
And the Mummy has gone
and grabbed what looks like
a wooden stake from the crypt
and is making his way
back towards the ring.
And with no ref,
all foreign objects
are fair game, Buzz.
A smart weapon of choice
on behalf of the Mummy.
We've underestimated
this rotting Pharaoh.
He must be trained in
vampire-slaying techniques.
Back in the ring,
the Mummy stalks
over Lady Vampire,
raising that stake
for the finisher.
Holy jumping Jesus,
she awakens in the
nick of time!
She's revamped now, Sid,
and on the attack as
she moves in
with a clothesline
into the turnbuckle.
And Lady Vampire
lines him up with
a devastating bulldog,
face-planting the frazzled
Pharaoh into the mat.
How in God's name
are those bandages
holding up, Sid?
Embalming is a
fine art, Buzz.
He's been wrapped in
that crap for centuries.
And Lady Vampire
slingshots the Mummy
into the corner.
The Mummy is reaching
for his medallion hanging
on the corner of the ring.
The former king appears
to be holding some type
of ancient sun relic.
(narrator)
Majestic.
The Mummy deploys
a blistering sun
curse technique
that scorches the
face of the Vampire.
A timely retaliation
of twisted alchemy
from the Pharaoh.
And the action moves
into the cemetery
as Lady Vampire pursues
her opponent outside
the ring.
And quick jab followed by
a push kick sends the Mummy
reeling to the ground.
Lady Vampire picks up
a granite tombstone,
and look out!
She just hammered it
over the skull
of the Mummy!
That must have weighed
200 pounds, Sid.
Some serious grindhouse
action happening over in
the graveyard, Buzz.
I haven't seen a
tombstone smash
in 25 years.
She picks up
the weakened
corpse of the Mummy.
Lady Vampire has just
ripped the black heart
right out of
the Mummy's body.
(narrator)
Lady Vampire wins.
Black heart removal.
That was phenomenal!
Did you see that, girls?
Of course you did.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the winner of the match
is Lady Vampire!
Unbelievable.
Look at her
preening to the world,
holding that black heart.
She wins
the Undead Conference
Middleweight title,
and can return
home triumphant,
and get back to killing
Gypsies in the night.
So long, Mummy.
Back to the grave you go.
Stay tuned, folks.
We'll be right back
with our first heavyweight
match of the evening.
You're watching
Monster Brawl,
the ultimate fight
of the living dead.
(narrator)
Silver Springs,
New Jersey.
[woman screaming]
No!
[growling]
[gunshot]
[groaning]
[howling]
(narrator)
Marshfield, Louisiana.
Over 1 0% of
the Earth's landmass
is covered by festering,
impenetrable marshlands.
The Mississippi Bayou.
Home to over 30,000
species of wildlife.
This vast
boggy wasteland
is also home to one
of the most bizarre
and disgusting creatures
in the whole world.
The Louisiana Swamp Gut.
The undisputed king
of all reptilian
bog-dwellers.
Swamp Gut is one
with his nebulous
surroundings.
[growls]
So toxic is his
slime and venom,
that it changes
the very composition
of the bayou atmosphere.
Humans are frequent
casualties of the harsh
and cursed swampland,
and this Swamp Gut is
not above scavenging
from a corpse.
Good friends
are hard to find
these days for Swamp Gut.
Signs of the enemy
are detected and
examined closely.
[growling]
Fishing in these nefarious
waters is nearly suicidal.
Swamp Gut has developed
a savage combat technique
for such reckless adventurers.
[growls]
Swamp Gut's deadly
slime attack is so toxic,
that it paralyzes the
fisherman's nervous
system instantly.
This solitary creature
may never see another
of his kind again.
Not only is
his prey seasonal.
It's also very
hard to find.
Only the most
bumbling mammals, like
this unsuspecting canoeist,
dare to traverse such
deadly waterways
of the world.
He is oblivious to
the approaching danger.
The hunt is on.
The canoeist doesn't stand
a chance against such
a formidable opponent.
There are under ten
Swamp Guts left in the wild,
and that number
is falling.
Like so many creatures,
the Guts have been pushed to
the very edge of extinction
by the destruction
of their habitat.
(narrator)
Creature Conference
Heavyweight Title Match.
Swamp Gut vs. Werewolf.
Welcome back
to the program, folks.
He's Sasquatch Sid,
I'm Buzz Chambers,
and we're ready
to set up the next
fight of the evening.
For this match we have
our first Heavyweight
division title up for grabs
coming from
the Creatures
Conference.
(narrator)
Werewolf.
Swamp Gut!
I know you've
been hearing it,
walking through
the swamp with that
big gut of yours.
You must have been
hearing it. All the frogs
have been saying it,
all the toads,
all the creepy crawlers
have been saying it.
Here comes the Wolf.
The Werewolf was once
a simple man who was
viciously mauled
by a rabid lobo
and became infected
by the dreadful wolf bane.
Werewolf possesses
incredible agility,
speed and those
keen animal instincts.
He can take
a ton of abuse,
and he'll be in turbo
moonshine mode tonight.
We're basically looking
at a tremendous athlete,
Weill-conditioned and
powerful, and Swamp Gut is
gonna have his hands full.
(narrator)
Swamp Gut.
[grunting]
Next up is
the king of the bog,
the disgusting
and repulsive marsh
demon known as Swamp Gut.
This gelatinous creature
will be out of his element
for the first time tonight.
Swamp Gut is a repugnant
pariah and odious glutton.
He is morbidly obese
so he must use that size
and power to his advantage,
to make up
for the obvious drawback
of his massive gut.
He is also capable
of stirring up a bellyful
of toxic swamp trash,
so Werewolf
will wanna avoid
close quarters
or else risk
getting slimed.
Now, over to Jimmy Hart
to summon these bastards
out of the crypts.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it's time for the
heavyweight battle
for the Monster Brawl
Creatures Conference.
Introducing first,
weighing in at
225 pounds,
the man in the moon,
the howler,
the disemboweller,
Werewolf!
[howls]
And his opponent,
weighing in at
438 pounds,
the uncontested
marshal of the marsh,
Swamp Gut!
[growling]
And a quick look at our
tale of the tape for
this fight
reveals an
interesting dichotomy.
Swamp Gut is
obviously the older,
bigger and more
experienced of
the two fighters,
and Werewolf comes in
with a relatively
unknown record.
The fight
is afoot, folks,
with our Creature Conference
Heavyweight Championship.
We'll soon find out
who will be representing
the realm of Creatures
in the Monster
Brawl finale.
Werewolf to the offensive
in the early-going, as he
uses a headlock like a vice
and showers down
a torrent of face shots.
And a reactionary elbow
from the man in moss.
And Werewolf runs into
a solid brick wall
as Swamp Gut easily
stands his ground
using that insurmountable
gut gravity to stay on
his feet.
(narrator)
Appalling.
Swamp Gut with a
heavy frog splash,
flattening Werewolf
into a pancake.
He follows it up
with a ruthless
knee to the head.
Werewolf has got
to be careful here.
He can't afford to exchange
big maneuvers like that
or he'll never survive.
Werewolf evades
the giant swamp
creature,
trying to gain
some ground.
Swamp Gut with a
heavy right hook,
but Werewolf counters
with a great block.
Perfect timing
by Werewolf.
And Swamp Gut
hoarks up some
toxic marsh venom
into the face of Werewolf,
sending him to the mat.
And Werewolf trying
to throw some punches,
but Swamp Gut
expertly defends that
big, fat belly of his.
That's definitely his
weak spot, and now Werewolf
gets a jab into the face
and the Gut
is now exposed
for an open assault!
Werewolf goes to work
on the bread-basket,
dealing several hard
jabs to Swamp Gut's
putrid paunch.
I haven't seen an abdomen
attack like this since
King Hippo back in '88.
Swamp Gut is hung up
in the ropes as Werewolf
comes running at him
with a lethal
shoulder spear.
And I don't believe it!
Swamp gut is down!
He's gotta throw everything
at this fat son of a bitch!
It's now or never!
(narrator)
Sensational.
And Werewolf pressing
the advantage now as he
delivers a kick to the face
of the glutinous
Swamp Gut.
His wolf-sense is at
an all-time high, Buzz.
He needs to crush this
Gut once and for all!
Werewolf with a thunderous
uppercut to Swamp Gut,
and his bowels
are churning, Sid.
He lets the air out
of Swamp Gut's spare tire,
and this is going
to get messy, Buzz.
Swamp Gut falls
to the canvas mat,
and I don't think he's
ever gonna get up, Buzz.
Swamp Gut having
serious indigestion
problems.
Werewolf climbs up
to the top rope,
and letting that animal
inside take over as he
howls into the night.
[howling]
And a sky-high lunar
assault from Werewolf
explodes the belly
of Swamp Gut.
We have just witnessed
the disgusting demise
of a truly legendary
forest demon.
(narrator)
Werewolf wins.
Lunar Belly Buster.
Hey, and the winner
is the Werewolf!
Our first Heavyweight
match is in the books
as Werewolf
is crowned
with the Creatures
Conference Heavyweight
Title.
He'll move on to our
championship match later
this evening
to face the Heavyweight
winner from the Undead
Conference.
(narrator)
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Colonel Crookshanks, Sir!
As you were, Briggs.
I just got word
from base, Sir.
They've reported us AWOL.
Don't worry about
it, Lieutenant.
We stay the course,
just like we planned.
It's a culmination
of what?
Sacrifice!
Discipline!
Yes, honor!
The dawn of a new
weapon is upon us.
This monster tournament,
the perfect testing ground.
Now, how about you
and I go take a look
at this magnificent
son of a bitch?
Yeah.
This thing, a specimen
from the '69 outbreak?
Affirmative.
The military's
worst kept secret.
I've been training
this bastard for
ten years.
You know, the government
wants to shut it down.
They should have
a hard-on for this
kind of stuff.
And the personnel?
What happened to them?
Who ran this place
before you got on board?
They were eaten.
So, how's our
old friend doing?
He's in a foul
mood, Sir.
He's starving.
He's always starving.
We're running
out of bodies
to feed this thing.
Lieutenant,
why in the hell are
you always so negative?
Colonel, we could
be shot for this.
We're gonna get
medals for this.
Morning, sunshine.
Briggs, go ahead.
Unleash him.
Let's get an idea of what
kind of conditioning
we've got going.
You're kidding me?
You think
I'm kidding?
Go in there
and let him loose,
or I'm gonna stick one
between your eyes.
I never signed up
for this, Colonel.
The ultimate
killing machine.
The ultimate soldier.
Bent on death
and destruction.
Briggs, this is
our finest hour,
I swear to you.
Colonel, shoot him!
Shoot him!
Zombie Man.
Eat slow, my friend.
Briggs was a good man.
(narrator)
Ingolstadt, Germany.
(Dr. Igor)
From the journal
of Dr. Ivo Igora.
November 5th.
To examine the
causes of life,
we must first
have recourse
to death.
I have become
well-acquainted with
the science of anatomy.
I have also observed
the natural decay
and corruption
of the human body.
In a solitary chamber,
I kept my workshop of
filthy creation,
while I brought
my work near to
a conclusion.
And the moon gazed
on my midnight labors
while I pursued nature
to her hiding places.
Who shall conceive
the horrors of my
secret toil
as I dabbled
among the unhallowed
damps of the grave?
Remember.
I am not recording
the vision of a madman.
After days and nights
of incredible labor
and fatigue,
I succeeded
in discovering
the cause
of generation
and life.
Nay, more.
I became
myself capable
of bestowing animation
upon lifeless matter.
[deep breathing]
[grunts]
Father.
(narrator)
Undead Conference
Heavyweight Title Match.
Frankenstein
vs. Zombie Man.
We're back, folks,
and ready for our
next match-up
which is a ghastly
showdown of undead
forces.
Our next fight features
the seemingly immortal
corpse Frankenstein
versus the cannibalistic
revenant known as
Zombie Man.
The winner of this fight will
proceed to the championship
main event against Werewolf.
Now, time to unearth
some more dirt on these
two brain-dead savages.
(narrator)
Frankenstein.
Like one who
on a lonely road,
doth walk
in fear and dread.
And having once
turned round walks on,
and turns
no more his head.
Because he knows
a frightful fiend
doth close
behind him tread.
Frankenstein!
Father!
Frankenstein has
been reanimated
and deactivated several
times throughout his
lengthy career.
He's waved goodbye to
the European fight scene,
and has brought his "A"
game to North America
for the first time.
He's basically
a bruising and
brawling sort of fighter
who relies heavily
on 1 9th century ogre
battle systems.
Frankenstein
can wield immense
power and strength,
and is essentially
a zombie himself,
albeit a bigger one
and not blinded by
a desire for flesh.
And watch for his manager,
the ubiquitous Dr. Igora
to play a major role
in the proceedings.
(narrator)
Zombie Man.
Frankenstein, you
stitched-up bastard!
I gotta
question for you!
I got the ultimate
killing machine,
Zombie Man!
What are you gonna do
when he defeats you,
then
eats you?
Zombie Man is a
well-trained grappler
type of combatant,
relying on an
arsenal of punches,
grabs, holds
and bites.
This guy can take
a lot of damage.
He is managed
by the rogue soldier
Colonel Crookshanks,
who has transformed
this cannibalistic
ghoul
into a one-man army.
Colonel Crookshanks
has done a fabulous job
of training Zombie Man
and my understanding
is that if Zombie Man
wins the Brawl,
we'll have a new type
of soldier for future
wars around the world.
If he loses,
just another corpse
added to the heap.
Add to this
an insatiable
hunger for flesh,
and you have
yourself one hell
of a killing machine.
Battling
for the Undead
Conference title,
two horrendous
champions of the grave!
First up, fighting
out of the stone crypt,
is the undisputed
grandmaster of
Gothic giants.
The reigning champion
of reanimation
and eternal damnation.
The undefeated
legend of the fall,
Frankenstein!
And, Buzz, technically
it's Frankenstein's monster,
if you want to be
a dick about it.
[growls]
And now making his
way out to the ring,
hailing
from Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania,
a blood-drunk, belligerent,
brain-eating bastard.
The deathless,
non-perishable,
ever-lasting,
invincible
and undying
Zombie Man!
And a quick glance
to see how our
monsters align,
illustrates a grim
contrast here
as Frankenstein
takes the cake in
mostly all categories.
Zombie Man is no
slouch himself,
and he reminds me
of a younger, healthier
Sasquatch Sid Tucker.
Both fighters getting
ready inside the ring,
and you can just feel
the tension rising here
at the Necropolis tonight.
[ding]
Frankenstein and Zombie
collide in the middle
of the ring.
The big man corrals Zombie
into the corner and goes
to work right away.
Frankenstein executes
a superb clothesline,
sending the godforsaken
Zombie to the canvas mat.
Incredible move, Buzz.
I concur, Sidney.
(narrator)
Exceptional.
And Zombie Man
in serious danger
now, Buzz.
This fight
could be over.
And keep in mind
these fighters have already
died once in their lifetime,
but this time,
there will be
no reanimation.
All the chips
are on the table.
And what a
tolerance for pain.
Folks, he just
won't stay down.
Zombie Man is
incredibly resilient.
Frankenstein,
better try a
new strategy.
And Frankenstein
manager Doc Igora
is getting a little
impatient with
his monster.
Crush his head,
you imbecile.
His head!
Well, he's right, Buzz.
You can't stop the Zombie
without dealing it
some massive trauma
to the head.
Frankenstein
puts Zombie into
a powerful stranglehold.
Come on!
Zombie Man with
a double ear-slap
sends Frankenstein
reeling to the center
of the ring.
A timely
counterattack
by the Zombie
as he finds
new life.
And Zombie Man bites
the arm of Frankenstein,
gnawing some of
that rotten flesh.
And no concern that
Frankenstein will turn
into a zombie.
He's already
technically
dead, people.
Get up!
Come on, get up!
And Zombie Man doing his
best to try and knock down
the all-powerful Frankenstein.
His only path
to victory is
toppling the giant
and getting
him off his feet.
(narrator)
Medic.
And nothing
seems to move this
over-sized corpse, Sid,
as Zombie Man throws
everything but the kitchen
sink at Frankenstein.
And Zombie Man unleashes
a barrage of blows to the
mid-section of the big man.
And spank me
cross-eyed, Sid.
Doctor Igora enters the
ring and he hits Zombie Man
in the back of the head
with a pipe wrench,
sending the blood-thirsty
bastard to the ground.
And the Colonel
is hopping mad, Buzz.
That was an unfair
foreign object by the
weasel manager Doc Igora.
And wait
a minute, folks!
Colonel Crookshanks with
a hatchet to the back
of the Doctor,
and he goes down
at the side of the ring.
Buzz, that
was a mistake
by the Colonel.
He's triggered
a force more powerful
than he can imagine.
Look at the rage in
Frankenstein's face.
And he's friggin'
pissed, folks!
Frankenstein
systematically
destroys Zombie Man
with a deluge
of blows.
(narrator)
Tremendous.
Who is this
indestructible Zombie?
I've never seen
someone withstand
such an ass-kicking!
Zombie Man
knocked out
of the ring.
Now we're in for
some graveyard action!
Frankenstein with
a choke-hold move,
lifting Zombie Man off
his feet and slamming him
hard to the ground.
What a crippling
move, Buzz.
[growls]
And cover
your eyes, Sid!
Frankenstein
has squashed
Zombie Man's head
with a brutal
foot stomp.
Zombie Man is done!
(narrator)
Frankenstein wins.
Brain-crushing
foot stomp.
You know
that was an
unbelievable match.
Frankenstein
has done it again!
Hey, and the winner
of the match is
Frankenstein!
And there appears
to be some commotion
going on at the back
of the graveyard, Sid.
There's trouble
a brewing near
the old hill, Buzz.
(Cyril)
I told you to mind
your own business.
The soil is cursed, boy.
Something evil has
been unearthed.
You're all doomed.
For the Love of God.
The dead are rising
from their graves,
answering the call
of distress from Zombie
Man's untimely death.
Unbelievable,
ladies and gentlemen!
In death, Zombie Man
has summoned an army
of undead
united against
Frankenstein.
Holy crap, Buzz!
This is insanity!
Wait a minute, girls,
here comes the zombies!
Every man for himself.
Run!
For the first time
in the history of
professional sports, folks,
we are witnessing
the living dead rising
from their graves
to confront
Frankenstein.
Now, we've seen
tag-teams before, Buzz.
But six on one
is unheard of.
[growling]
And Frankenstein
escapes the graveyard,
and runs for cover
into the crypt.
No sense for him
to stick around, Sid.
He's got another
fight ahead of him.
[shouts]
And now the Colonel
goes down at the side
of the ring.
These zombies
are out of control.
And we may be
next, Sidney.
Don't worry
about it, Buzz.
I'm packing!
I'll take
care of you.
Sweet potato fries!
[shouting]
Good work there, Sid.
That doesn't look
very good, Sidney.
Just a scratch, Buzz.
Just a scratch.
Doesn't look so good.
[groaning]
[shouting]
Why?
And we're back on the air
in the announcer's booth,
and I regret
to inform you
that Sasquatch Sid
has sustained
a minor injury
to his hands, folks.
That's correct.
I had a tussle
with a zombie
and suffered
a small bite wound.
But I put a little
alcohol on it and
I feel fine.
Really I do.
Now, let's get
back to the fights.
Yes, and we'll keep
an eye on Sid as
the evening advances.
(narrator)
Monster Brawl Heavyweight
Championship Match.
Frankenstein
vs. Werewolf.
So, what makes me
think I have a chance
in Hell
of beating
Frankenstein?
One word: vengeance.
It is true
that I am a wretch.
I have murdered
the lovely and
the helpless.
It was a monster
that took my wife.
that took my child.
It was a monster
that took my life away,
so I guess
you could say I don't
like monsters very much!
I have strangled
the innocent
as they slept.
I don't care
if they're zombies,
if they're vampires.
Hell, you saw what
I did to Swamp Gut!
My reign
is not yet over.
So, Frankenstein,
you can come at me
with your big, dumb,
stitched-up face and
your "roar-roar-roar
Father."
And it ain't gonna
do a damn thing.
Come on,
my enemy.
We have yet
to wrestle
for our lives.
[howling]
[growling]
So, after
four explosive
and gory fights,
we've reached
the moment we've
all been waiting for.
The final main event
featuring Frankenstein
from the Undead realm
pitted against
Werewolf,
the torchbearer
of all evil creatures.
That's right, Buzz.
Bookies in Vegas
were paying 200
to 1 odds
on Werewolf
from the outset.
To see him
[coughs]
claw his way
into the finals
is nothing short
of miraculous.
As for
Frankenstein he is
[coughs]
after all,
the most legendary
monster of all time,
so no surprise
that he would
capture the flag
for the Undead world.
And now Let's turn
the reins over to the Lord
of the ring, Jimmy Hart!
The time has come
for our main event
of the evening.
The supreme and
undisputed heavyweight
monster championship
is at stake tonight.
Ladies and gentlemen,
friends and fiends,
introducing first
the undefeated king
of the Undead Conference.
The eternal
green giant.
The electrifying,
the death-defying,
the indestructible demon
Frankenstein!
Strap yourself
into the electric
chair, people.
This is gonna
get crazy here at
the Hillside Necropolis
as Frankenstein faces
down the Werewolf
in a legendary showdown
for monster supremacy.
And the stats
are just staggering
for Frankenstein, Buzz.
Over 450 pounds.
Biceps are 30 inches.
Thighs 40 inches.
Have you ever seen a bigger
combatant in the history
of professional sports?
[grunting]
And his opponent,
fighting out of
the wood crypt,
the crusader
of all evil creatures
from across the globe.
The beast of sacred
lore, Canus Lupus,
the lunar
death-dealer
Werewolf!
[grunting]
[distant howling]
And look at the menacing
way both monsters are
staring at each other.
The Werewolf beaming
with unbridled rage
as he sizes up
the big man.
And Werewolf makes
the first move as he
whips off the rope
for a take-down,
but Frankenstein
doesn't even flinch, Sid.
And now he tries
to land a few blows,
but Frankenstein
is virtually immune
to this stuff.
It's child's play
to him, Buzz.
And now
Frankenstein retaliates
and throws the Werewolf
into the corner.
(narrator)
Magnificent.
[grunting]
[groaning]
And somebody better
call the Humane Society.
Because we're witnessing
extreme animal abuse
here tonight.
Couple of big blows
from Frankenstein
and he is
pummeling Werewolf.
And a big slam by Frankenstein
sends the Werewolf crashing
to the canvas mat.
Look out!
Frankenstein comes
down hard on Werewolf.
[growling]
[coughing]
Werewolf has done
the impossible, folks.
Frankenstein
is down and out.
(narrator)
Spectacular.
[howling]
Werewolf performs
a doomsday figure
four leg lock.
And now Frankenstein
breaks free from the hold.
[groaning]
[coughing]
And now he gets in a couple of
mammoth hooks to the cobbled
frame of Frankenstein
and lands a heavy
punch to the face.
Now he's using
his brains, Buzz.
That's right, Sid.
Smart defensive prowess
on behalf of the Werewolf.
And now the Werewolf
attempting a bodyslam
of Frankenstein.
And this is
a gamble folks.
Oh, no!
Frankenstein is
just too heavy,
and now the Werewolf
is paying the price
as nearly a half
a cubic ton comes
crashing on top of him.
I'm getting awfully
hungry, Buzz.
Okay, Sid.
We'll be going to the
rippers after the show
just like we planned.
[growling]
Frankenstein using
those gigantic hands
like a python
squeezing its prey.
And we can literally hear
the bones of the Werewolf
being pulverized
under that
heavy pressure.
(narrator)
Discombobulating.
The Werewolf is
out cold, folks.
He is dead!
[growling]
Frankenstein is
now the Monster Brawl
Heavyweight Champion.
Can you
believe it, Sid?
Sid?
Sasquatch Sid has
gone silent, folks.
[growling]
[gunshot]
Welcome back, folks.
I'm Buzz Chambers,
and we are back
on the air again
here at Monster Brawl.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it is with a heavy heart
that I must inform you
that former champion
Sasquatch Sid
has been destroyed
like a mongrel dog.
He is survived
by his 13 kids,
5 ex-wives.
He was 58 years old.
And now, back
to the action.
[growling]
[clap of thunder]
[yelling]
Girls, there's
a storm coming.
This doesn't look good.
We gotta get to higher
ground. Come on, Let's
get out of here.
Come on,
Quick, quick!
And ladies and gentlemen,
we have a storm brewing
in the distance,
as Central Michigan is
under a severe electrical
storm alert.
And things are getting
sinister here at the
Hillside Necropolis.
[thundering]
[growling]
Frankenstein parading
around the ring with
the championship belt.
[thundering]
[grunts]
[clap of thunder]
But wait
a moment, folks.
Wait a moment.
Werewolf is getting up.
The Werewolf refuses
to be put to sleep
as he miraculously
stands up now
and hits
Frankenstein
in the back
catching the big
man off guard.
And Werewolf
to the offensive now,
dealing Frankenstein
a series of mortal blows.
[thundering]
Frankenstein
smokes Werewolf
with a gargantuan
uppercut, sending him
flying to the ground.
And Frankenstein removes
one of those heavy stone
columns from the crypt,
and swings it
like a baseball bat.
One blow from
that column, folks,
and this fight
would be over.
Werewolf with a quick
dodge and he runs in
with a kick,
knocking the column
away from Frankenstein.
And the Werewolf
is in full control.
Werewolf picks up
a tombstone
and smashes it
over Frankenstein,
who crumples
to the ground.
And now he grabs
another one
and delivers a second
unforgiving blow.
And a third one!
Frankenstein is
done for, folks,
as the Werewolf gets
in three unanswered
tombstone blasts.
And Frankenstein
is down for the count.
[gargling]
Ah!
We could be looking
at the first ever
Monster Brawl champion.
[howling]
Werewolf howling
to the moon.
But wait.
Frankenstein
somehow rises up
once more
and the Werewolf
is oblivious.
Frankenstein
takes Werewolf down,
and they resume
their graveyard tussle.
[shouting]
And he's prying
at his head, folks.
He is prying at
his--Oh, my lord!
Frankenstein rips
the head right off
the stunned creature
and the Werewolf
is no more.
(narrator)
Frankenstein wins.
Head splitter.
(Buzz)
Frankenstein with a
death-dealing finisher.
And ladies and gentlemen,
Frankenstein has won
the Brawl.
We have a
new champion!
Frankenstein
emerges victorious
after a bruising battle
with the surprisingly
resilient Werewolf.
[thundering]
[grunting]
But wait a minute.
Something is going on
over by the wood crypt.
Perhaps a secret
fighter to challenge
Frankenstein's reign.
And the Colonel
is making a
comeback, folks.
I don't believe it.
Frankenstein!
Colonel Crookshanks
is back from beyond
the grave
to confront his
mortal nemesis
Frankenstein
in a clash
for the ages.
Oh, don't nail that
coffin closed, yet, folks.
We have another brawl
going down here at
the cemetery.
He throws
the Monster Brawl
belt to the ground
and steps on it,
in an act of complete
disrespect towards
the champ.
[growling]
Don't turn
that channel, folks.
This is going
to get nasty!
[Monster Truck sings
Righteous Smoke]
Of course I'm excited.
I feel like an elephant
is sitting on my tongue.
Let me tell you this right now.
I've been in Madison Square
Garden, sold-out crowd.
I've been all over
the world, main event.
Hall of Fame ring.
But this is the most
excitement I've had
in so long. Of course!
Oh, my favorite monsters?
We had Frankenstein there,
Cyclops was there,
Witch Bitch was--
[Laughing]
Zombies?
Oh, please,
give me a break.
I can't
stand zombies.
Let me--huh?
You know what?
I was telling my
friend on the phone
that you're
awesome zombie--
Please call 911 !